<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# terraform-azurerm-avm-res-compute-capacityreservationgroup

This Terraform module provisions an Azure Capacity Reservation Group, which allows you to reserve compute capacity in Azure regions and availability zones. Capacity Reservation Groups help ensure that you have guaranteed compute resources available when you need them.

## Features

- Creates Azure Capacity Reservation Groups with configurable availability zones
- Supports creating multiple capacity reservations within the group using the `capacity_reservations` variable
- Supports sharing capacity reservations across subscriptions
- Includes AVM-compliant interfaces for role assignments, locks, and tags
- Provides a submodule for advanced scenarios requiring direct capacity reservation management

## Usage

This module creates the Capacity Reservation Group and can optionally create capacity reservations within it using the `capacity_reservations` variable (recommended). For advanced scenarios, you can also use the `capacity_reservation` submodule directly.

For detailed usage examples, please refer to the [examples](./examples) directory.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9, < 2.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

- <a name="requirement_azurerm"></a> [azurerm](#requirement\_azurerm) (~> 4.0)

- <a name="requirement_modtm"></a> [modtm](#requirement\_modtm) (~> 0.3)

- <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) (~> 3.5)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.capacity_reservation_group](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azurerm_management_lock.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/management_lock) (resource)
- [azurerm_role_assignment.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/resources/role_assignment) (resource)
- [modtm_telemetry.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/resources/telemetry) (resource)
- [random_uuid.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/uuid) (resource)
- [azapi_client_config.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config) (data source)
- [modtm_module_source.telemetry](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/azure/modtm/latest/docs/data-sources/module_source) (data source)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_capacity_reservation_group_name"></a> [capacity\_reservation\_group\_name](#input\_capacity\_reservation\_group\_name)

Description: The name of the capacity reservation group. This must be unique within the resource group.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: Azure region where the resource should be deployed.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_resource_group_id"></a> [resource\_group\_id](#input\_resource\_group\_id)

Description: The resource group id where the resources will be deployed.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_capacity_reservations"></a> [capacity\_reservations](#input\_capacity\_reservations)

Description: A map of capacity reservations to create within this capacity reservation group. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys may be unknown at plan time.

- `name` - (Required) The name of the capacity reservation.
- `location` - (Optional) The location where the capacity reservation will be created. Defaults to the location of the capacity reservation group.
- `sku` - (Required) The SKU information for the capacity reservation.
  - `capacity` - (Required) The number of instances to reserve.
  - `name` - (Required) The name of the SKU (e.g., "Standard\_B2ms").
  - `tier` - (Optional) The tier of the SKU.
- `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the capacity reservation. Defaults to the tags of the capacity reservation group.
- `zones` - (Optional) The availability zones for the capacity reservation. Defaults to the zones of the capacity reservation group.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name     = string
    location = optional(string)
    sku = object({
      capacity = number
      name     = string
      tier     = optional(string, "")
    })
    tags  = optional(map(string))
    zones = optional(list(string))
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_customer_managed_key"></a> [customer\_managed\_key](#input\_customer\_managed\_key)

Description: A map describing customer-managed keys to associate with the resource. This includes the following properties:
- `key_vault_resource_id` - The resource ID of the Key Vault where the key is stored.
- `key_name` - The name of the key.
- `key_version` - (Optional) The version of the key. If not specified, the latest version is used.
- `user_assigned_identity` - (Optional) An object representing a user-assigned identity with the following properties:
  - `resource_id` - The resource ID of the user-assigned identity.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    key_vault_resource_id = string
    key_name              = string
    key_version           = optional(string, null)
    user_assigned_identity = optional(object({
      resource_id = string
    }), null)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_diagnostic_settings"></a> [diagnostic\_settings](#input\_diagnostic\_settings)

Description: A map of diagnostic settings to create on the Key Vault. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.

- `name` - (Optional) The name of the diagnostic setting. One will be generated if not set, however this will not be unique if you want to create multiple diagnostic setting resources.
- `log_categories` - (Optional) A set of log categories to send to the log analytics workspace. Defaults to `[]`.
- `log_groups` - (Optional) A set of log groups to send to the log analytics workspace. Defaults to `["allLogs"]`.
- `metric_categories` - (Optional) A set of metric categories to send to the log analytics workspace. Defaults to `["AllMetrics"]`.
- `log_analytics_destination_type` - (Optional) The destination type for the diagnostic setting. Possible values are `Dedicated` and `AzureDiagnostics`. Defaults to `Dedicated`.
- `workspace_resource_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the log analytics workspace to send logs and metrics to.
- `storage_account_resource_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the storage account to send logs and metrics to.
- `event_hub_authorization_rule_resource_id` - (Optional) The resource ID of the event hub authorization rule to send logs and metrics to.
- `event_hub_name` - (Optional) The name of the event hub. If none is specified, the default event hub will be selected.
- `marketplace_partner_resource_id` - (Optional) The full ARM resource ID of the Marketplace resource to which you would like to send Diagnostic LogsLogs.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name                                     = optional(string, null)
    log_categories                           = optional(set(string), [])
    log_groups                               = optional(set(string), ["allLogs"])
    metric_categories                        = optional(set(string), ["AllMetrics"])
    log_analytics_destination_type           = optional(string, "Dedicated")
    workspace_resource_id                    = optional(string, null)
    storage_account_resource_id              = optional(string, null)
    event_hub_authorization_rule_resource_id = optional(string, null)
    event_hub_name                           = optional(string, null)
    marketplace_partner_resource_id          = optional(string, null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_enable_telemetry"></a> [enable\_telemetry](#input\_enable\_telemetry)

Description: This variable controls whether or not telemetry is enabled for the module.  
For more information see <https://aka.ms/avm/telemetryinfo>.  
If it is set to false, then no telemetry will be collected.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_lock"></a> [lock](#input\_lock)

Description: Controls the Resource Lock configuration for this resource. The following properties can be specified:

- `kind` - (Required) The type of lock. Possible values are `\"CanNotDelete\"` and `\"ReadOnly\"`.
- `name` - (Optional) The name of the lock. If not specified, a name will be generated based on the `kind` value. Changing this forces the creation of a new resource.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    kind = string
    name = optional(string, null)
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_managed_identities"></a> [managed\_identities](#input\_managed\_identities)

Description: Controls the Managed Identity configuration on this resource. The following properties can be specified:

- `system_assigned` - (Optional) Specifies if the System Assigned Managed Identity should be enabled.
- `user_assigned_resource_ids` - (Optional) Specifies a list of User Assigned Managed Identity resource IDs to be assigned to this resource.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    system_assigned            = optional(bool, false)
    user_assigned_resource_ids = optional(set(string), [])
  })
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_role_assignments"></a> [role\_assignments](#input\_role\_assignments)

Description: A map of role assignments to create on this resource. The map key is deliberately arbitrary to avoid issues where map keys maybe unknown at plan time.

- `role_definition_id_or_name` - The ID or name of the role definition to assign to the principal.
- `principal_id` - The ID of the principal to assign the role to.
- `description` - The description of the role assignment.
- `skip_service_principal_aad_check` - If set to true, skips the Azure Active Directory check for the service principal in the tenant. Defaults to false.
- `condition` - The condition which will be used to scope the role assignment.
- `condition_version` - The version of the condition syntax. Valid values are '2.0'.
- `delegated_managed_identity_resource_id` - The delegated Azure Resource Id which contains a Managed Identity. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
- `principal_type` - The type of the principal\_id. Possible values are `User`, `Group` and `ServicePrincipal`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. It is necessary to explicitly set this attribute when creating role assignments if the principal creating the assignment is constrained by ABAC rules that filters on the PrincipalType attribute.

> Note: only set `skip_service_principal_aad_check` to true if you are assigning a role to a service principal.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    role_definition_id_or_name             = string
    principal_id                           = string
    description                            = optional(string, null)
    skip_service_principal_aad_check       = optional(bool, false)
    condition                              = optional(string, null)
    condition_version                      = optional(string, null)
    delegated_managed_identity_resource_id = optional(string, null)
    principal_type                         = optional(string, null)
  }))
```

Default: `{}`

### <a name="input_schema_validation_enabled"></a> [schema\_validation\_enabled](#input\_schema\_validation\_enabled)

Description: Whether to enable schema validation for the AzAPI resource type and body. Defaults to true.

Type: `bool`

Default: `true`

### <a name="input_sharing_profile"></a> [sharing\_profile](#input\_sharing\_profile)

Description: An object representing the sharing profile for the capacity reservation group. This includes the following properties:
- `subscription_ids` - A list of objects, each containing an `id` property that represents the subscription ID to share the capacity reservation group with.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    subscription_ids = list(object({
      id = string
    }))
  })
```

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: (Optional) Tags of the resource.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_zones"></a> [zones](#input\_zones)

Description: A list of availability zones in which the capacity reservation group should be created.

Type: `list(string)`

Default:

```json
[
  "1",
  "2",
  "3"
]
```

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_capacity_reservation_group_id"></a> [capacity\_reservation\_group\_id](#output\_capacity\_reservation\_group\_id)

Description: The ID of the capacity reservation group

### <a name="output_capacity_reservations"></a> [capacity\_reservations](#output\_capacity\_reservations)

Description: A map of capacity reservations created within the group

## Modules

The following Modules are called:

### <a name="module_capacity_reservations"></a> [capacity\_reservations](#module\_capacity\_reservations)

Source: ./modules/capacity_reservation

Version:

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->