<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Capacity Reservation Submodule

This submodule creates individual Capacity Reservations within a Capacity Reservation Group.

Capacity Reservations allow you to reserve specific VM SKUs in particular availability zones, ensuring that you have guaranteed compute capacity available when you need it.

## Usage

This submodule should be used in conjunction with the main capacity reservation group module. The capacity reservation group must be created first, and then this submodule can be used to add one or more capacity reservations to it.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9, < 2.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.capacity_reservation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_capacity_reservation_group_id"></a> [capacity\_reservation\_group\_id](#input\_capacity\_reservation\_group\_id)

Description: The ID of the capacity reservation group.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_capacity_reservation_name"></a> [capacity\_reservation\_name](#input\_capacity\_reservation\_name)

Description: The name of the capacity reservation.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location)

Description: The location where the capacity reservation will be created.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_sku"></a> [sku](#input\_sku)

Description: The SKU information for the capacity reservation.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    capacity = number
    name     = string
    tier     = optional(string, "")
  })
```

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags)

Description: A map of tags to assign to the capacity reservation.

Type: `map(string)`

Default: `null`

### <a name="input_zones"></a> [zones](#input\_zones)

Description: The availability zones for the capacity reservation.

Type: `list(string)`

Default:

```json
[
  "1",
  "2",
  "3"
]
```

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_capacity_reservation_id"></a> [capacity\_reservation\_id](#output\_capacity\_reservation\_id)

Description: The Reservation ID of the capacity reservation

### <a name="output_capacity_reservation_resource_id"></a> [capacity\_reservation\_resource\_id](#output\_capacity\_reservation\_resource\_id)

Description: The Resource ID of the capacity reservation

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID of the capacity reservation

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft's privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->